Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.

How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have
any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such
sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.




How we use Cookies
We use cookies solely for functional purposes, without storing any personal user information. For example, we store information relating to selected input options to increase the usability of our site. We do not use cookies to track you. 

However, Google Analytics, Google DoubleClick, and Google Adsense, which are used on this site, do use cookies to help analyse web traffic or determine targeted adverts based on your preferences and visits to our sites and other sites. To opt out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy. If you prefer not to use cookies at all, we recommend adjusting your browser settings accordingly.  




Links to Third-Party Websites

Our Website may contain links to Websites owned or operated by parties other than TermsFeed. Such links are provided for your reference only. TermsFeed does not monitor or control outside Websites and is not responsible for their content. TermsFeed?s inclusion of links to an outside Website does not imply any endorsement of the material on our Website or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor, nor does TermsFeed? inclusion of the links imply that TermsFeed is authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the linked Website.
